readme: update download links (#5120)
rainbow-me/rainbow: README.md

> the Ethereum wallet that lives in your pocket!

📲️ [Available on the iOS App Store.](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1457119021?pt=119997837&ct=github&mt=8)

> 🤖 [Android available on the Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/detailshome?utm_campaign=gh&utm_source=referral&utm_medium=gh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🤖 [Android available on the Google Play Store]((https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.rainbow)
```

Not sure why the Android link was changed, but it was 404ing for me.
